okay we're going to start going with the
ibotta app this is going to help you
guys get money back just from using your
receipts this is not a sponsored video
by any means I personally use this app
and I'll show you right here I go to my
account my lifetime earnings so far is
three dollars and 25 cents I have only
been using this for maybe a month and I
haven't gone to like doing humongous
grocery haul I just done like bits and
pieces you know because I've been
working so basically once you get too
many dollars you can put it in your bank
account I believe and then so my rank
I earned 75 cents in July and then
August on two dollars and fifty cents
because I started using the app more you
can see a whole bunch of other people
you know and then you know you can get
promo codes and you intamin here and you
can get stuff and then I have
[Music]
how do you I bought it let's see this
will explain it more
Center a seat Lincoln oil tea card
mobile in-app purchases like Amazon card
iTunes I think so it says find rebate
go shopping redeem get cash get your
cash in your camel into 48 hours you
know it's got all this stuff how to link
your card tell me just about everything
and then invite friends this is my code
if you guys sign up and you use this
code and you redeem one that's not any
item or any brand and it's just like a
regular code you get $10 and joining
bonus and I didn't get mine because I
didn't get one so I got so busy but I
just thought I let you guys get some and
I think every time you get some I get
five dollars for each of you getting $10
so yeah code is jdb be a mo sign up at
ibotta
it's available for Apple and Android
this is not a sponsored video thank you
guys and I just wanted to show you you
know a little bit more about the app
it's ibotta
and you know they're super Amazon here
Charlotte Target Walmart thrived your
land puts the circle pay what I use I
use fries I use Walmart and you see sway
CVS you know popular in your area and
then there's to any brand and so I'm
thinking about using this one for the
ice cream or the chicken or develop an
orange juice and the bananas because I
feel like I would use those things more
I'm allergic to bananas but my daughter
loves bananas you can also go to find
rebates they let see if they have cold
no they don't have cold Home Depot
yes do they even have Home Depot you
just have to make sure they have a store
on here before you try and get the
rebate now whenever you want to do it
you go to redeem and then you know I
don't have any relief right now to
redeem because I haven't purchased it
yet but I'm going to be purchasing
decided so I can get the rebate back on
it and I'm not just purchasing it for
that I'm also going to be using the
product and see so even have Family
Dollar go look and see what they have
for Amazon Amazon three percent cashback
if you buy these on Amazon or get any of
these you get so much cash back so yeah
just let us show you guys a little bit
more of a way to earn money alright this
is Megan signing out this is not a
sponsored video do not forget to leave a
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below bye guys